(/authentication/social-connections/tiktok) update guide (#1625)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/tiktok.mdx

---
title: Add TikTok as a social connection
description: Learn how to allow users to sign up and sign in to your Clerk app with their TikTok account using OAuth.
---

<TutorialHero
  beforeYouStart={[
    {
      title: "A Clerk app is required.",
      link: "/docs/quickstarts/setup-clerk",
      icon: "clerk",
    },
    {
      title: "A TikTok Developer account is required.",
      link: "https://developers.tiktok.com",
      icon: "user-circle",
    }
  ]}
>
  - Use TikTok ID to authenticate users with OAuth.
</TutorialHero>

Enabling OAuth with [TikTok](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/login-kit-manage-user-access-tokens) allows your users to sign up and sign in to your Clerk app with their TikTok account.

> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > Due to TikTok's requirement to verify URL ownership for all redirect URLs, TikTok cannot be used as a social connection in development environments. This is because individual users cannot verify ownership of the Clerk development URL (`accounts.dev`). However, TikTok can be used properly in production environments where you can verify your own URLs. For more information, see [TikTok's URL ownership guidelines](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/getting-started-create-an-app#verify_url_ownership).

Reviewer: What do we think about doing this:
```suggestion
## Configure for your development instance

Due to TikTok's requirement to verify URL ownership for all redirect URLs, **TikTok cannot be used as a social connection in development environments.** This is because individual users cannot verify ownership of the Clerk development URL (`accounts.dev`). For more information, see [TikTok's URL ownership guidelines](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/getting-started-create-an-app#verify_url_ownership).

## Configure for your production instance
```

Reviewer: Also, if this is true, then why can we set it in the Dashboard without providing custom credentials?
Who gave you this info? We need to ask them what's going on with that

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/243d980a-8a6a-4687-bcb3-cfacbc371c2f

To make the setup process easier, it's recommended to keep two browser tabs open: one for your [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/sso-connections) and one for your [TikTok Developer Portal](https://developers.tiktok.com/).

<Steps>
  ### Enable TikTok as a social connection in Clerk

  1. In the Clerk Dashboard, navigate to the [**SSO Connections**](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/sso-connections) page.
  1. Select **Add connection** and select **For all users**.
  1. In the **Choose provider** dropdown, select **TikTok**.
  1. Ensure that both **Enable for sign-up and sign-in** and **Use custom credentials** are toggled on.
  1. Save the **Authorized redirect URI** somewhere secure. Keep the modal and page open.

  ### Create your app in TikTok

  > [!TIP]

>   > If you're creating an app as an organization rather than as an individual developer, you must first [create an organization](https://developers.tiktok.com/organizations). For guidance on which option to choose, refer to the [Working with organizations guide](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/working-with-organizations/).

Reviewer: Let's specify that it's TikTok's guide, and remove the exact guide title incase it ever changes.

```suggestion
  > If you're creating an app as an organization rather than as an individual developer, you must first [create an organization](https://developers.tiktok.com/organizations). For guidance on which option to choose, refer to [TikTok's guide on working with organizations](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/working-with-organizations/).
```

  1. On a separate page, go to the [TikTok Developer Portal](https://developers.tiktok.com/) and sign in.

>   1. In the top-right, select [**Developer Portal**](https://developers.tiktok.com/apps) then choose **Manage apps**. You'll be redirected to the **Manage apps** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. In the top-right, select [**Developer Portal**](https://developers.tiktok.com/apps), then select **Manage apps**. You'll be redirected to the **Manage apps** page.
```

  1. Select **Connect an app**. Complete the form then select **Confirm**. You'll be redirected to your TikTok app's **Production** page.
  1. In the **Basic information** section, complete the form.

>   1. Under **Platforms**, select your platform then paste the **Authorized Redirect URI** you saved from the Clerk Dashboard.

Reviewer: It says link to the official website, it doesn't mention the redirect URI

<img width="987" alt="Screenshot 2024-10-15 at 10 26 12" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88594ddb-4322-44ab-b763-9beb602c4797">

  1. Select the **Verify URL properties** under any of the URL fields to verify your app URL. A modal will open.
  1. Select **Verify properties**. For Property Type, select either **Domain** to verify ownership of the enter website, including subdomains, or **URL prefix** to verify ownership of a specific part of the website (e.g., `example.com/shop/`).
  1. Enter your website and select **Verify**.
  1. Follow the instructions in the modal to verify your domain with your host provider. After entering the necessary information in your hosting provider's DNS settings, select **Verified**. Once your property is verified, select **Ok**.
  1. Select **Submit for review**. Keep this page open.

  > [!NOTE]
  > Your app needs to be reviewed by TikTok before the registration completes. This process may take a few days.

  ### Set the Client ID and Client Secret in your Clerk Dashboard

>   1. In your TikTok app's **App details** page, select the icons next to the **Client key** and **Client secret** to reveal them.

Reviewer: You called it the **Production** page on line 46
> You'll be redirected to your TikTok app's **Production** page.
Let's align these two - either Production page or App Details page

```suggestion
  1. In your TikTok app's **App details** page, select the icons next to the **Client key** and **Client secret** to reveal them. Copy these values.
```

  1. Navigate back to your Clerk Dashboard where the modal should still be open and paste these values into the respective fields.

>   1. Select **Add connection**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Select **Add connection**.
  
  > [!NOTE]
  > If the modal or page is not still open, navigate to the [**SSO Connections**](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/sso-connections) page in the Clerk Dashboard. Select the **TikTok** connection. Under **Use custom credentials**, you can paste the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** into their respective fields.
```

  1. Select **Add connection** and select **For all users**.
  1. In the **Choose provider** dropdown, select **TikTok**.
  1. Ensure that both **Enable for sign-up and sign-in** and **Use custom credentials** are toggled on. Keep the modal and page open.

  ### Create your app in TikTok

  > [!TIP]
  > If you're creating an app as an organization rather than as an individual developer, you must first [create an organization](https://developers.tiktok.com/organizations). For guidance on which option to choose, refer to [TikTok's guide on working with organizations](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/working-with-organizations/)**.**

  1. On a separate page, go to the [TikTok Developer Portal](https://developers.tiktok.com/) and sign in.
  1. In the top-right, select [**Developer Portal**](https://developers.tiktok.com/apps), then select **Manage apps**. You'll be redirected to the **Manage apps** page.
  1. Select **Connect an app**. Complete the form then select **Confirm**. You'll be redirected to your **App details** page.
  1. In the **Basic information** section, complete the form.

>   1. Under **Platforms**, select your platform then paste your app URL.

Reviewer: These is handled in the step before "Complete the form" this is part of completing the form

```suggestion
```

  1. Select the **Verify URL properties** under any of the URL fields to verify your app URL. A modal will open.

>   1. Select **Verify properties**. For Property Type, select either **Domain** to verify ownership of the enter website, including subdomains, or **URL prefix** to verify ownership of a specific part of the website (e.g., `example.com/shop/`). See the TikTok guide ([https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/getting-started-create-an-app#verify\_url\_ownership](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/getting-started-create-an-app#verify_url_ownership)) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Select **Verify properties**. For the property type, select either **Domain** to verify ownership of the enter website, including subdomains, or **URL prefix** to verify ownership of a specific part of the website (e.g., `example.com/shop/`). See [the TikTok guide](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/getting-started-create-an-app#verify_url_ownership) for more information.
```
